(Home portrait, house painting, housewarming gift, our first home sign, home sweet home sign, watercolor home, house portrait, realtor gift)



ORDERING INSTRUCTIONS

Step 1. Select the product/size you prefer. We offer a framed wood panel. It is vibrant, with accurate colors, and just the right amount of wood grain and texture. With this listing, you can also order a digital download of your artwork, which is sent via email.

Step 2. Select a frame color. Our frame colors are "light", "wood burn", and "dark" These colors can be seen in our listing photos. Select "None" if ordering a digital download.

Step 3. Place your order and upload your photo. Your photo can be uploaded before or after you complete your purchase. Simply select the "Message Doug" button (usually near the bottom of this listing!) then select the upload image icon. If you prefer to send your photo via email, you can reach us at
photo4etsy [!at] gmail.com
Please include your order number (or name/address) in your email if you choose this option, so we know which order is yours!

Step 4. Add your personalized text. If you would like us to add text to your portrait, please provide the EXACT text you would like in the personalization field.

ADDITIONAL EDITS
We can add new elements to your portrait or remove unwanted elements, such as adding multiple pets to one portrait. We will try to accommodate your requests for free when we can, but some edits take significantly more time. This add-on listing allows us to continue offering this service. You may be asked to purchase this listing in addition to your portrait of choice if extensive edits are necessary to complete your artwork. We are happy to answer your questions and help guide you through the process.
https://www.etsy.com/listing/1216543107/this-listing-is-for-adding-elements-or

UNFRAMED PRINTS
We print on a high-quality canvas paper. This is available in two sizes, 8x10 and 11x14. These prints fit into any standard photo frame made for these sizes.

DIGITAL DOWNLOADS
For orders of digital downloads, we will email you a print ready digital copy of the artwork. This email will go to the email address associated with your Esty account. If you'd like it sent to a different email address, please include the alternate email information along with your photo.

Please note: We do our artwork using a computer. The process is much like painting, but on a computer! Each piece is a time-consuming labor of love. We will make every effort to incorporate your special requests and ensure each home looks its best.

Framed Wood prints are complete with a 1.75" x .75" frame and a sawtooth hanger.

WAI Decor grants each client full permission to print, publish, and present the artwork made for them.

Please message us with any questions!