Custom Sticker Roll

Custom stickers are a fast and easy way to brand your products or decorate your event. Whether you're looking to create an on-brand unboxing experience for your customers or decorating for a special occasion, our custom stickers are the perfect addition! Our stickers are available in many shapes and sizes. With our low minimums and affordable prices, start printing today!

•LEVEL UP YOUR BRAND with your own customized stickers for business logos, labels, gifts, and packaging seals. Increase brand recognition and curate an unboxing experience as unique as your brand.
•HIGH QUALITY LABELS ARE PERFECT to use for your small business packaging or product labels. The custom labels are printed on high quality BOPP and laminated for extra protection. They stick great on plastic and bottles. Simply peel, stick and apply.
•EASY TO ORDER simply message us your custom logo, design, or text in a PNG or JPG file. We recommend that your files are at least 300 dpi resolution to ensure a high quality image.
•OUR PERSONALIZED stickers are designed to enhance your products packaging, well suited for unique brands with big personality. Ideal for packaging, canning supplies, candle making supplies, fashion, jewelry, artist, and much more.

Custom stickers available with your logo or text.
30, 50, 100, 200, 300, 500, 1000 stickers.

Details:
Stickers are available in matte and glossy finishes.
Stickers are printed on high-quality BOPP and laminated for extra protection.

Shapes and Sizes:

Circle:
1.5"
2"
2.5"
3"

Square:
1.5"
2"
2.5"
3"

Rectangle:
2x1"
2x1.5"
2x3"
2x4"
4x2.5"
3x4"
3.5x4"
2x4.5"
4.5x3"
2.5x1.25"

If you would like a custom size, please feel free to message us!

Custom Text Stickers:
Please leave the text, font number, and text color in the personalization section below.

Custom Logo Stickers:
Please send us a message with your logo/image.

Once your order has been submitted, we will send a mockup. Once the mockup has been approved, we will proceed with your order. Mockups with no replies will be sent as shown in the mockup.

*Orders of 30 stickers will be sent in sheets.
*Colors may vary slightly from colors seen on screen.
*Due to the handmade nature of our product, slight variations may exist between stickers.
*All sales are final for custom stickers.

𝐈𝐧𝐭𝐞𝐫𝐞𝐬𝐭𝐞𝐝 𝐢𝐧 𝐨𝐭𝐡𝐞𝐫 𝐜𝐮𝐬𝐭𝐨𝐦 𝐩𝐚𝐜𝐤𝐚𝐠𝐢𝐧𝐠 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐝𝐮𝐜𝐭𝐬?
Check our custom packaging gummed tape, tissue paper, and die cut stickers!

CUSTOM PACKAGING GUMMED TAPE:
https://www.etsy.com/listing/1065927294/custom-packaging-tape-100ft-printed?ref=shop_home_active_1

CUSTOM TISSUE PAPER:
https://www.etsy.com/listing/1041388929/personalized-tissue-paper-custom-logo?ref=shop_home_active_1